Okay
So I Look at the tabs again
And I will try
Learn again
Click that
and okay there's movie search
section, I'll click on that
um
collections, research, publications, okay I think we're kind of [unclear] down
Okay, there's like, different people
oh, first peoples, that's what we want, but these are just researchers
Okay, that did not help me very much. Uhm
What is on the side here, repeat tradition, aboriginal training, okay not relevant, let's go back up
and I will
look at the publications. Click explore, okay.
Uhh I don't know what these ones are, let's scroll down.
I think this is not the right place. Okay, nope, back.
Let's try resource center.
Um, archives,
and library book records to periodicals
Umm
Textual archives, I don't think that's right
Not artifacts, let's scroll down.
No, this doesn't look
Like what we're looking for
Okay let's look at the bottom
Okay let's click on research again
And let's try search the collection now
Okay, I'll type in first people
Oh these are just pictures of what's in the collection.
That's not what we want, let's go back.
And back again, and
Okay, let's scroll down, and maybe we can click on one of the files of one of the first peoples
Read for a while
Okay just going to see what they do [inaudible] with that
Let's go down more
Oh on the side I totally missed it
Resources for scholars. Okay click that.
And what does this tell us
[Remaining transcript suppressed]